Let's start with you Elon if you don't
mind Jensen feel free to chive in you
have a big fascination of something all
of us have admired first order thinking
for how you have dropped the cost of
batteries from a thousand for kilowatt
hour to subund bucks and right now
you're doing the same thing with
robotics for actuators with servo rotors
and motors so I want to hear from you
how do you manage manage to always
disrupt every single industry with that
thinking.
>> Well, it's mostly not disruption, it's
creation. So, with uh say SpaceX with
reusable rockets, uh there really
weren't any reusable rockets. Um
but the essence of getting
of revolutionizing space travel is
reusability. If you throw the rocket
away every time, the cost of access to
space is extremely high. Um, with
respect to electric cars, there there
weren't any electric cars when we
started making them really. You couldn't
buy any to the best of my knowledge. Um,
so with Tesla, we wanted to make
electric cars compelling um, and
affordable. That was the goal. Um the uh
you know with respect to humanoid
robotics there are no useful humanoid
robotic robots at this point. Um there
are sort of gimmicks but there are there
are no actually useful humanoid robots.
Um and I think Tesla's going to make the
first actually useful humanoid robots.
Um and this will be quite a revolution
and I think something that will that
everyone will want. Uh because I always
think of like who who wouldn't want
their own personal C3PO R2-D2. Oh yeah,
>> of course everyone would want one,
right? And and then there would be many
in industry uh providing products and
services. This is why I say that
humanoid robots will be the biggest
industry or the biggest product ever.
Um, bigger than cell phones or anything
else because everyone's going to want
one and uh or maybe more more than one
and there'll be many in industry and and
you know people often talk about uh sort
of eliminating poverty and that kind of
thing but really the there's how long
have they been talking about that? Um
there's lots of talk uh you know there's
lots of NOS's sort of trying to do these
things but but really not succeeding um
and and and you know the evidence speaks
for itself. U but but but AI and
humanoid robots will actually eliminate
poverty and Tesla won't be the only one
that makes them. I think Tesla will
pioneer this but there will be many
other companies that make humanoid
robots. But there there is only
basically one way to uh make everyone
wealthy and that is AI and robotics.
>> This scares a lot of folks here when it
comes to the future of jobs. So let's
hear about your thoughts uh Elon and
Jensen on that.
>> Uh sure. Well
um you say like in the long term where
will things end up? Long term I don't
know what long term is. Maybe it's
10 20 years something like that. For me
that's long term. Um my prediction is
that work will be optional.
>> Optional.
Um so
>> we'll take that.
>> Yeah. I mean it it'll be like uh playing
sports or a video game or something like
that. Um if you want to work uh you know
in the same way like you can you can go
to the store and just buy some
vegetables or you could grow vegetables
in your backyard. It's much harder to
grow vegetable vegetables in your
backyard, but some people still do it
because I like growing growing
vegetables. Um, that will be what work
is like, optional. Um, now between now
and then, there's actually a lot of work
to get to that point.
>> Um, and I always recommend people read
read Yin Banks uh culture books to get a
sense for what a probable
positive AI future is like. Um, and
interestingly in those books, money is
no longer doesn't exist. It's kind of
interesting. And I I my guess is in in
if you go out long enough, assuming
there's a continued improvement in AI
and robotics, which this seems likely,
the money will will stop being relevant
at some point in the future. Um, now
there will still be constraints on power
like in it like electricity and mass. uh
the fundamental physics elements will
still be still be constraints. Um but um
I think at some point
uh currency becomes irrelevant.
>> Jensen, any thoughts?
>> Um
by the way, the Nvidia earnings call is
later today.
And by the way, since currency is
relevant.
>> Cheers.
>> Elon just wants to share with you some
breaking news.
The two of us who like to share some
breaking news. Uh let's see. I I would
say I would say there there's um
different horizons you could look at.
Everybody's jobs will be different. that
I think that that's for sure. Uh how how
the students learn will be different. Um
how people do their work will be
different obviously because a lot of the
things that that we do mundanely or
arduously or very difficultly are going
to be done very simply and and so we're
going to be more productive from that s
from that sense. One of the things that
I will say is that for most people or a
company, if some if your life becomes
more productive
and if the things that you're doing uh
with great difficulty become simpler, it
is very likely because you have so many
ideas, you'll have more time to go
pursue things. It is my guess that Elon
will be busier as a result of AI. I'm
going to be busier as a result of AI.
And the reason for that is because we
have so many ideas we want to pursue, so
many things that that we still have in
our backlog inside our company that we
can go pursue. If we were more
productive, we can get to those things
faster. And so in the near term, I would
say that that there's every evidence
that that we will be more productive and
yet still be busier because we have so
many ideas. But we have some great
announcements to talk about here today.
Let's begin with you, Elon. The things
that we're doing with XAI.
So yeah, we we're we're doing a um XI
and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia are
doing a a
>> humane 500 megawatt starting with 50
megawatt phase one and we're doing it
with Nvidia. Congratulations to the
humane team to target team such a
fantastic job
>> as you know that AI is not just well
just agentic AI and chat bots and uh
cognitive AI is incredibly important to
the world. Uh but AI applies to
everything, chemicals and proteins and
genes and physics and fluid dynamics and
particles and of course robotics and
activation and um and we created this
world called Omniverse where robots can
learn how to be good robots and and it's
physically based. It obeys the laws of
physics and so robots can learn in these
environments and we're working with
Humane to apply Omniverse to all kinds
of uh digital factories and robotics and
warehouses and things like that. And so
that's that's another uh we're we're
also working uh in Saudi Arabia to build
supercomputers to simulate quantum
computers and and uh uh using our
computers to be the controller and the
error correction quantum error
correction requires an enormous amount
of computation and so so we're doing a
lot of great work there too. So a big
partnership with Humane they're off the
charts um off the ground and off the
charts at the same time. This is how we
walk the talk in the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia in partnership with the US.
Yesterday, the president and his Royal
Highness announced the AI strategic
framework and partnership. Today, we're
going big with Elon and Jensen. So,
thank you for those opportunities.
Now, they they told me I have time for
two last questions. So, last night at
the dinner, I got a number of questions
because it seems that the schedule
leaked and uh everybody was giving me
hints about the last two questions I'm
going to do. So, the first one was for
you, Elon, and there's a big one for
you, Jensen. So, prepare for that one.
AI in space, is that possible?
>> Uh yes. If if civilization continues,
which it probably will, uh then AI in
space is inevitable,
um
um you know, I always have to like
preface that, you know, we shouldn't
take civilization for granted. We we
need to make sure to take care to ensure
that civilization has an upward arc. I
mean, any student of history knows that
civilization does not always have an
upward arc. And in fact, civilizations
have life life cycles. So hopefully we
are in a strong upward arc. I think we
are for now. Um but we don't want to
take that for granted or be complacent.
Um but the in order to the way to think
of AI in space is that in order to
achieve any meaningful percentage of a
cartev 2 scale civilization where you're
using even a millionth a millionth of
the sun's energy, you must have solar
powered AI satellites in in deep space.
Um so so that once you realize like once
you think in terms of a cottage two
scale civilization which is what what
percentage of the sun's energy are you
turning into useful work um then you
then it becomes obvious that space is
overwhelmingly what matters
overwhelmingly the sun only receives one
roughly 1/2 billionth of the earth only
receives roughly u two billionth of the
sun's energy
So if you want to have something that is
say a million times more energy than
Earth could possibly produce,
>> you must go into space. It's and and so
um you know this is where it's kind of
handy to have a space company, I guess,
um sell the book.
>> Easier to cool chips in space, too.
>> Yes.
>> Easier to cool chips in space. Yeah.
>> Yes. There's definitely no water in
space, so you're going to have to do
something.
>> Yeah. Uh that doesn't involve water.
>> Just hang out.
>> Well, it's just got to radiate.
>> That's right.
>> Um
>> so
my estimate is that actually that that
that the cost of of electricity like
like the cost effectiveness of AI in
space will be overwhelmingly better than
AI on the ground. So far long long
before you uh exhaust potential energy
sources on on Earth. Long long before
meaning like I think even perhaps in the
four or five year time frame the lowest
cost way to do AI compute will be with
solar powered AI satellites.
So I'd say not more than 5 years from
now. Electricity generation is is
already becoming a challenge. Um so if
you if you start doing any kind of
scaling for both electricity generation
and cooling um you realize okay space is
incredibly compelling. Um so
like let's say you wanted to do um I
don't know two or 300 gawatt per year um
of of AI compute.
>> Yeah.
>> Um it's very difficult to do that on
earth. Uh the so the the uh US average
electricity usage uh last time I checked
was around 460 gawatts per year average
usage. Um so so something like say uh
you know at 30 300 if you're doing 300
gawatt a year that would be like 2/3 of
US electricity production per year.
>> There's no way you're building power
plants at that level.
>> Um and then if you take it up to say a
terowatt per year impossible. Yeah. like
you have to do that in space. There
there just is there just is no way to do
a terowatt uh per year on Earth. Um
and uh and and in space you you've got
continuous solar. Um you've got uh you
don't you actually don't need batteries
because it's always sunny in space.
>> That's right. Exactly.
>> Um and um and and the solar panels
actually become cheaper because you
don't need glass or framing. Um and the
cooling is just radiative. So that's
that's why I think
>> that's the dream.
>> Yes,
>> So Jensen, everybody last night was
asking me and I'm mindful it's a
earnings uh call for you today. So I'm
going to say this delicately. Everybody
has been asking me to ask you, are we
going to have an AI bubble?
That's the last question. All right,
let's No.
All right, let me Well, let me just hear
you what we see. Okay. So, so I I think
it's really important when you look at
what's happening around the world and go
back to first principles of what's
happening in computer science and
computing. There are three things that
that's happening. The first thing is
that we all know that Moore's law has
run its course and the ability that the
amount of demand for computing versus
the amount of computation we can get out
of general purpose computing is really
challenging. And so the world's been
moving to accelerated computing for some
time. We've been pushing this now for
some over 20 years. Let me give you one
statistic. I was just at supercomputing
six years ago. I
CPUs were 90% of the world's
supercomputers, top 500 supercomputers
six years ago. This year, less than 15%.
Went from 90% to 10%. And meanwhile,
accelerated computing went from the
other way, 10% to now 90%. Okay, so
you're seeing that inflection point, the
transition in high performance computing
from general purpose computing to
accelerated computing. Well, one of the
one of the most data inensive one of the
most intensive computation things that
the world does in cloud is data
processing. Several hundred billion
dollars of computation is done on just
raw data processing has nothing to do
with AI just SQL processing data frames
you know everybody's names address their
their sex their age where they live you
know how much money they make all of
that sits into a data frame and that
data frame drives the world today
whether it's in banking or you know
whether it's in credit cards or of
course e-commerce and uh everything from
ad recommendation
everything is driven off of that data
frame that data frame cost hundreds
hundreds of dollars to go compute the
world is the internet is so gigantic
without a recommener system that a
little tiny phone of us will have no
chance of ever seeing the right
information that Rexus is the engine of
the internet today that's going
generative AI it used to be running on
CPUs now runs on GPUs which then says
the third thing when if you just look at
those two applications
many of the internet companies can build
enormous number of GPU supercomputers
Just doing that of course then it
creates this the third opportunity on
top of it which is agentic AI this is
grock and this is open AI this is
anthropic you know this is Gemini
agentic AI sits on top of that but don't
you know don't forget to think about
what is happening
above underneath what everybody sees as
AI today there's a whole movement of
computing from general purpose computing
to accelerated computing and that if you
just if you take that into consideration
you'll come to the conclusion that in
fact what is left over to fuel that
revolutionary agentic AI is not only
substantially less than you thought and
all of it justified.
>> Thank you for our lifetime partnership
and friendship. Thank you Elon. Thank
you Jensen.
>> Thank you.
All right.